List of changes:

0. Made sys paths relative to current directory in the test_*.py run scripts

1. wraper -> wrapper everywhere possible (I think Pierre already fixed this)

2. in wrapper.py: added 'self' as the first input to the call of 'load_general()'. This let's the wrp class pass through to lower level functions

3. in wrapper.py method import_abscissa_1D(): when scraping info from a .csv file there didn't seem to be a way to
   neatly group the info into the correct category of MEASURE, SPECTROMETER, etc, so I made it so that the first
   column of he csv file should be either MEASURE., SPECTROMETER., TIMEDOMAIN., or any other category for attributes.
   the csv reader in this function should then scrape the category from the first column and tag it onto the
   front of the attribute. e.g., wrp.attributes["TIMEDOMAIN.ac_gain"]

4. in load_data.py: added the function 'load_dat_timedomain()' and a bunch of time domain signal processing
   functions that are held in the TimeDomain() class in time_domain.py.

5. created the TimeDomain class in time_domain.py: these define the primary time signal processing pipeline and
   outputs a frequency spectrum + wrp.attributes. Also can output an abscissa from here, but this needs unifying
   with Pierre's abscissa-management-strategy.
	- Created an interactive plotting window
	- Currently the .dat files for time domain can contain an arbitrary number of dimensions for the scan data
          I have currently setup TimeDomain() to perform all processing across 1-2 dimensions (counts and x/y scans).
          Therefore the output spectrum/data is a X, Y, F dimensioned array where F is the length of the frequency
          spectrum. If the measurement is a set of counts, then e.g., the output will be 1, N, F where N is the
          number of counts in the measurement.
		- should add an option for averaging for the counts?
		- for time domain one abscissa will apply to all counts/xy measurements! This hasn't been unified
                  with rest of abscissa management